# IPFS API

Using the IPFS API you may interact with both public and private IPFS networks.
This section offers information on IPFS calls for public and private networks.

We have usage examples for Javascript and will add Python and Golang soon.

You can view code examples to the right, and switch the programming language above.

To access the development API use `https://dev.api.temporal.cloud` instead of `https://api.temporal.cloud`

## IPFS HTTP API

Our IPFS HTTP APIs reverse proxy allows you to talk directly to the IPFS node API. Requests to this API are whitelisted on a per command basis. To see a list of all valid commands, they are updated on a [gist](https://gist.github.com/postables/55be1cf00e8ffafff6e663c198bf6482).

This endpoint is compatible with a majority of the IPFS HTTP API libraries, such as [js-ipfs-http-client](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-http-client). If you want to use `go-ipfs-api`, we maintain a [fork](https://github.com/RTradeLtd/go-ipfs-api) that allows you to insert an authentication header with your API calls.

To access this feature, point your clients to `https://api.ipfs.temporal.cloud`

## Authentication

Temporal uses JSON Web Tokens for authentication, accessed through the `POST login` call.

Throughout the code examples in this documentation, you will see `<JWT>` which indicates that you should provide the JWT generated by the `POST login` command

<aside class="success">
<b>Important:</b>  JWT tokens expire after 24 hours. You will need to call <b><a href="/account.html#post-login">POST login</a></b> to generate another valid JWT after 24 hours, or call <b><a href="/account.html#get-refreshed-auth-token">GET refresh auth token</a></b> in advance.
</aside>

## General Errors

Error codes generally conform to the following

Error Code | Meaning
---------- | -------
<b>400</b> | Error --  The request was invalid in some way, the reason for the failure is returned in the response body
<b>401</b> | Unauthorized -- Invalid authentication token.  Check to make sure you're properly passing the authorization token.
<b>402</b> | Payment Required -- This is returned when attempting to perform data storage operations (pin add, file add) and the account doesn't have enough credits to pay for the storage costs
<b>403</b> | Forbidden -- You do not have access to this functionality.
<b>404</b> | Not Found -- Resource not found.
<b>500</b> | Server Error -- This is returned when there is an unexpected error during processing

## Validation (400 Error Code)

```json
{
  "code": "400",
  "response": [
    {
        "message": "Must be one of: RSA, ED25519",
        "field": "key_type"
    }
  ]
}
```

Methods that take input will validate all parameters. Any parameter that fails validation will trigger an error response with status `400`. The response body will be a JSON object that includes a message as well as a list of fields that failed validation.

## Hold Times

Hold times are used to indicate how many months a file, or pin should be held onto by our nodes. Free accounts are limited to 1 month maximum pin times, while non-free accounts are limited to 2 year maximum pin times.

## Upload Sizes

When uploading files, all accounts are limited to a 2GB max file size. When encrypting files, free accounts are limited to a maximum file size of 275MB, while non-free accounts are limited to 2GB.